>> Will Sentance: Clarification,
throw it out there.
Dave has one.
Andrew, do you want to go?
>> Andrew: So if I were to take, after you
say, let my new function equal outer and
then I say let my new function
two equal my new function,
would that be-
>> Will Sentance: They're both labels to
the same function,
with the same backpack, yeah.
And by the way, what about this cool one?
What if I were to return out not
a function but an object for the methods?
They all share the same
reference the same persistent
local memory from where they were born,
very, very cool, okay.
All right, I'm gonna leave it at that for
now, we're gonna come back together in
about ten minutes after you've done some
pairings through these challenges and
talk about what this empowers us to do.
This allows us to have functions that
remember the previous time they were run.
Functions aren't just functions
with some static text in them.
Now, they're functions with some
static instructions to be run,
and a persistent store
of data on their back.
Before we do the actual I wanna add one
more thing, what if I had defined counter
not here, not here, but
instead counter equals 0 globally?
And I ran my new function, my new
function, other function, other function.
Assign it globally,
what would I see at the end Andrea?
>> Andrea: It would be four.
>> Will Sentance: Four,
one, two, three, four.
Spot on, what if I define counter
inside of increment counter?
So when I run my new function,
before I do counter plus plus,
I do counter equals zero, counter is zero.
What would I see then Katie,
if I ran my new function, my new function,
my new function, my new function?
>> Katie: It would be one.
>> Will Sentance: One,
one, one, one, exactly.
I'd never even reach my back,
even if I define my backpack
version I never even reach it.
As soon as JavaScript would hits it,
it's found a variable with that name,
done as you go out the chain.
All right, I wanna add that point,
for now folk, back to your pairing and
in about ten minutes, we'll talk
about what this empowers us to do.